## Task 5

I had a great experience visualizing and interacting with my peers’ projects. They were all very unique and creative. I got to walk out with new inspirations and ideas that I would want to incorporate into the second project for this course, or even into my own personal projects.  

Project One: https://norahwilcox.github.io/CART263/projects/project-1/Project1/  
The first project that I found interesting is the Photo Booth project. It was a visually pleasing interface where the colors, themes, and typography gave off an early 2000s Microsoft Windows vibe. It paired well with the content of the project, which was a camera that could capture pictures while also having several color filters that you apply to the camera. The interface is simple yet efficient, as it does more than just capture photos. We were able to save and delete them, which showed a good example of how you can store data and imagery with JavaScript and the DOM. You can also view them all at once in a grid-like format, which is very nice as well. This project inspired me to use the media capture API in my future projects, as it is a cool feature to use.  

Project Two: https://emilebedard.github.io/cart263/Projects/project1/Interactive_Bike_Garage/parts_registry.html  
The second project that I found interesting to interact with was the Interactive Bike Garage. It felt like playing a game where you can customize and personalize your own bike with tons of settings and properties. You can also name your bike and save it, and you can also add multiple bikes that are all unique and different. This interface was captivating to work with because we had a sense of control over what we could personalize our bike with, and the visuals looked very pleasing and not too overpowering. You also can erase any bike. I like the use of storing information, as well as the minimalist drawings that compose the bike. I like the layouts and the placements of the customization area. Overall it was an interesting project to engage with and inspired me to want to use better layouts and color combinations for my future projects.  

Project Three: https://ajoycel.github.io/cart263/project1/  
The final project that I engaged with and found interesting is the Dear Journal project. It was a very cute project, as I was able to write about my day as if I were writing in my diary, and I was able to save and retrieve it due to the storing of information. I also really enjoyed the different background themes that you can put on, as they add personalization and can set the mood while writing about your day. It was a nice project and made me inspired to incorporate the storage of data, user inputs, and then being able to retrieve and do things with it. It's an interesting feature to play around with.  

To conclude, all the projects were very nice to engage with and I got to see that we can really create such amazing things and expand our creativity. I am inspired and motivated to start using some of the features that I saw from my peers into my own work. In our project, we did not work with storing data and user inputs, as I am compelled to use them moving forward.  
